Update cra demo (#284)
microsoft/FluidExamples: cra-demo/README.md

## Demo introduction

> In this demo we will be doing the following:

Reviewer: Don't use "we." We've standardized on second-person.

Author: fixed

> In this demo you will be doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you will do the following:
```

>   - [1. Use Create-React-App](#1-use-create-react-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [1. Use Create React App](#1-use-create-react-app)
```

It seems like [they use](https://create-react-app.dev/) "Create React App" as a proper noun, sans hyphens.

>   - [2. Install Fluid package dependencies](#2-install-fluid-package-dependencies)

Reviewer: Consider not using numbers in the headings. It makes the bookmarks brittle to changes in order, or adding new sections, etc. It's super annoying when a bookmark in a page is broken and you just wind up at the top of the page and have to start digging round yourself.

  - [3. Import and initialize Fluid dependencies](#3-import-and-initialize-fluid-dependencies)
  - [4. Get the Fluid SharedMap](#4-get-the-fluid-sharedmap)
  - [5. Update the view](#5-update-the-view)

>   - [6. Next Steps](#6-next-steps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [6. Next steps](#6-next-steps)
```

> ## 1. Use Create-React-App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Use Create React App
```

npm run start
```

> ## 2. <a style="position: relative; top: 20px" name="install"></a> Install Fluid package dependencies

Reviewer: nit: Why not just use the auto-generated names? `#install-fluid-package-dependencies`?

Author: i'll change over to that. i think this was written either before that auto anchoring feature, or was hosted somewhere where it didn't work as well? i know I had a reason, but its moot now :D

Author: fixed. vs code can even auto generate the TOC! It's pretty cool

There are two packages to install to get started with Fluid:

> `fluid-framework` - The primary Fluid package that contains the SharedMap we'll use to sync data
> 
> `@fluidframework/tinylicious-client` - Defines the client we'll use to get our Fluid [container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) for local development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fluid-framework` -- The primary Fluid package that contains the SharedMap we'll use to sync data.

`@fluidframework/tinylicious-client` -- Defines the client we'll use to get our Fluid [container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) for local development.
```

### Using NPM
```bash
npm install fluid-framework @fluidframework/tinylicious-client
```

### Using Yarn
```bash
yarn add fluid-framework @fluidframework/tinylicious-client
```

Lastly, open up the `App.js` file, as that will be the only file edited.

## 3. Import and initialize Fluid dependencies

> `TinyliciousClient` is a client for `Tinylicious`, a local Fluid server used for testing our application. The client will include a method for creating a [Fluid container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) with a set of initial [DDSes](https://fluidframework.com/docs/concepts/dds/) or [DataObjects](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#dataobject) that are defined in the `containerSchema`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TinyliciousClient` is a client for `Tinylicious`, a local Fluid server used for testing our application. The client will include a method for creating a [Fluid container]({{< relref "containers.md" >}}) with a set of initial [DDSes]({{< relref "dds.md" >}}) or [shared objects]({{< relref "glossary.md#shared-objects" >}}) that are defined in the `containerSchema`.
```

> The Fluid container interacts with the processes and distributes operations, manages the lifecycle of Fluid objects, and provides a request API for accessing Fluid objects.

`SharedMap` is the DDS that will be initialized on our container.

```js
// App.js
// Add to the top of the file

import React from "react";
import { TinyliciousClient } from "@fluidframework/tinylicious-client";
import { SharedMap } from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-framework";
```

### 3.a Configure the service client

This demo illustrates using the Tinylicious for local development, so the client is a new instance of the `TinyliciousClient`.

```js
// add below imports
const client = new TinyliciousClient();
```

Before the client can create any containers, it needs a `containerSchema` that will define, by name, the data objects used in this application.

```js
const containerSchema = {
    initialObjects: { myMap: SharedMap }
}; 
```

> Since we'll be dealing with map data, it's common to store important map keys as constants, rather than typing the raw string each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a common pattern to store important map keys as constants, rather than typing the raw string each time.
```

```js
const timeKey = "time-key";
```

> ## 4. Get the Fluid SharedMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Get the Fluid `SharedMap`
```

> Fluid applications can be loaded in one of two states, creating or loading . This demo differentiates these states by the presence, or absence of a hash string(`localhost:3000/#abc`), which will also serves as the container `id`. The function below will return the `myMap` SharedMap, defined above, from either a new container, or an existing container, based on the presence of a hash long enough to include an `id` value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluid applications can be loaded in one of two states, creating or loading. This demo differentiates these states by the presence, or absence of a hash string (`localhost:3000/#abc`), which will also serves as the container `id`. The function below will return the `myMap` SharedMap, defined above, from either a new container, or an existing container, based on the presence of a hash long enough to include an `id` value. 
```

Should this say "Fluid containers" instead of "Fluid applications?"

```js
const getMyMap = async () => {
    let container;
    if (location.hash <= 1) {
        ({ container } = await client.createContainer(containerSchema));
        container.initialObjects.myMap.set(timeKey, Date.now().toString());
        const id = await container.attach();
        location.hash = id;
    } else {
        const id = location.hash.substring(1);
        ({ container } = await client.getContainer(id, containerSchema));
    }
    return container.initialObjects.myMap;
}
```

### 4.a Get the SharedMap on load

Now that the app has defined how to get our Fluid map, you need to tell React to call `getMyMap` on load, and then store the result in state.

> React's [`useState`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html) will provide the storage needed, and [`useEffect`](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html) will allow us to call `getMyMap` on render, passing the returned value into `setFluidMap`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React's [useState hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html) will provide the storage needed, and [useEffect](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html) will allow us to call `getMyMap` on render, passing the returned value into `setFluidMap`. 
```

backticks in links don't render properly unfortunately.

> By setting an empty dependency array at the end of the `useEffect`, the app ensure that this function only gets called once.

Reviewer: Any chance there's a doc link to React that explains this more?

```jsx
// Add to the top of our App
const [fluidMap, setFluidMap] = React.useState(undefined);

React.useEffect(() => {
    getMyMap().then(myMap => setFluidMap(myMap));
}, []);
```

> ### 4.b Sync Fluid and View data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4.b Sync Fluid and view data
```

> Syncing our Fluid and View data requires that the app sets up an event listener, which is another usecase for `useEffect`. This second `useEffect` function will return early if `fluidMap` is not defined and be ran again once `fluidMap` has been set thanks to the added dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syncing our Fluid and view data requires that the app create an event listener, which is another opportunity for `useEffect`. This second `useEffect` function will return early if `fluidMap` is not defined and run again once `fluidMap` has been set thanks to the added dependency.
```

To sync the data we're going to create a `syncView` function, call that function once to initialize the view, and then continue calling that function each time the map's "valueChanged" event is raised.

```jsx
// Add below the previous useEffect
const [viewData, setViewData] = React.useState(undefined);

React.useEffect(() => {
    if (fluidMap !== undefined) {
        // sync Fluid data into view state
        const syncView = () => setViewData({ time: fluidMap.get(timeKey) });
        // ensure sync runs at least once
        syncView();
        // update state each time our map changes
        fluidMap.on("valueChanged", syncView);
        // turn off listener when component is unmounted
        return () => { fluidMap.off("valueChanged", syncView) }
    }
}, [fluidMap])
```

## 5. Update the view

In this simple multi-user app, you are going to build a button that, when pressed, shows the current timestamp. We will store that timestamp in Fluid so that each co-authors will automatically see the most recent timestamp at which any author pressed the button.

> To make sure the app does not render too soon, it returns a blank `<div />` until the `viewData` is defined. Once that's done, we'll render a button that sets the `timeKey` key in `myMap` to the current timestamp. Each time this button is pressed, every user will see the latest value stored in the `time` state variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure the app does not render too soon, it returns a blank `<div />` until the `viewData` is defined. Once that's done, it renders a button that sets the `timeKey` key in `myMap` to the current timestamp. Each time this button is pressed, every user will see the latest value stored in the `time` state variable.
```

![cra](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1434956/111496992-faf2dc00-86fd-11eb-815d-5cc539d8f3c8.gif)

> ## 6. Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 6. Next steps
```

> - Try extending the demo with more key/value pairs and a more complex UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try extending the example with more key/value pairs and a more complex UI
```
